[Music]
hey everybody its Chuck O'Connor and
welcome back for more mother 3 in the
last episode salsa was just saved by
kumatora after she read his mind and
find out what was on his mind after they
ran into each other at as Mellie Square
anyway let's continue on with the story
you're safe now
didn't it how you get involved with that
lie spewing fraud but you must had your
reasons I guess
well actually we just got tied up in
this for no reason cell so just an
ordinary monkey well thing princess this
is a great deed you've done I agree with
kumatora is awesome let's go find that
lazy moron I mean duster and the egg
guess with him I know he's alright
morons like him never get sick a hurt no
matter what thing where they go or what
they do isn't it the truth yeah we just
got it my duster in the egg
but first let's free this monkey
geezer go steal that zapper gizmo from
that lion freak you still asleep
oh right just swiped it earlier I'll be
right back hey and you call yourself a
thief gross eight dusters a moron it
doesn't know a thing about it he'll be
free in a minute monkey you must have
had it rough
mr. Easter's
yes you idiot you moron
hey monkey I stole the doohickey
actually bumped it on the way back did
it zap you sorry about that
dick
[Music]
here monkey you destroy it
stepped on the button
kirsta worry that's throwing in
everything that would cause it to
constantly zapping all right monkey you
can go wherever you want now you're free
you got some keeping you from running
away petition
Mel's girlfriend Oh your girlfriend's
been kidnapped our monkey nap should I
said I should say damn that chic bastard
he screwed up oh did you call for me I
happen to be that script cheap bastard
you speak of
to think I would get to meet you here of
all places princess kumatora you stupid
monkey did you think you'd get away from
me
he can and we're gonna let him
[Music]
okay ready
one two three
is when we run got it there to take off
without her
damn they're fast hey out of them don't
let them escape
they're headed your way I see they
remain there on standby I'll be there
shortly
[Music]
hell is cornered what and of course he
eats banana you hey there's no escape
from me anyway alright let's get going
I just came to the edge of the forest
Kotori Georgia party
West Georgia party whatever awesome
so if kumatora in West happens at hey
letter you want to come to huh come on
what a huge person hello up there
holy smile yeah it's called super cute
or was talking him she's awesome
mmm okay alright but seriously let's
keep going
now when you get into the forest there's
going to be pig masks food and fight so
in case you to get their backs points
before you can do it now
and there's these enemies that you can
actually fight a no so castle the recon
max so I guess if you really want
I guess we really wanted to and you uh
missed out mama if you missed out at
fighting these enemies you know so
castle which I actually did in this file
you can just fight a man so no worries
there week two psi thunder just like
most other powers over safety defense
come on turn around
actually I think I'm gonna cut two when
I turn it around actually no I'm not
what's through Thunder bomb that was
really bad timing with all right we go
to Isaac's house there's no response to
our coding that doesn't leave us many
options ha ha ha
go ahead and rest up in the hot springs
I guess I like a salsa looks as tall as
kumatora and west when he's in the hot
springs I mean seriously I mean I guess
he'd have to be swimming he's not
monkeytoes how to swim awesome anyway I
actually think I'm gonna cut it until I
get that recon next back to work it's
not sure if you can ever fight them
again after this so be sure to get them
now okay now that I got its back spread
I'm just gonna say now more than ever
you're gonna need kuma tartar no PK
thunder all right so if she didn't learn
PK thunder before in chapter 2 when I
told you to be sure to have her learn it
now I just already feel feverish now
actually uh wow it's actually kind of
weird
ank-ooo is our spear went away that went
really fast Euler killing outfit thanks
I guess the more the better that's us
damn I already got a help ahead of us
monkey let's look the other way together
come on there's got to be some way out
damn NOLA curator only she has to go
back now yeah you're the one who said
escape into the forest you're brilliant
Oh
uhh
we're surrounded
it's attacking